#Pertinent Information Regarding The DataSet

ADNI* is not a public dataset but will grant access to almost whoever applies. This is because their study consent forms stated that the data will only given to the "General Scientific Community". This is to ensure that data is used without malicious intent. I have refrained from posting the data in order not to violate their terms and conditions.


*Data used  in  preparation  of  this  article  were  obtained  from  the  Alzheimer’s  Disease Neuroimaging  Initiative  (ADNI)  database  (adni.loni.usc.edu). As  such,  the  investigators within the ADNI contributed to the design and implementation of ADNI and/or provided data but  did  not  participate  in  analysis  or  writing  of  this  report.  A  complete  listing  of  ADNI investigators can be found at: http://adni.loni.usc.edu/wp-content/uploads/how_to_apply/ADNI_Acknowledgement_List.pdf

Data  collection  and  sharing  for  this  project  was  funded  by  the  Alzheimer's  Disease Neuroimaging  Initiative  (ADNI)  (National  Institutes  of  Health  Grant  U01  AG024904)  and DOD  ADNI  (Department  of  Defense  award  number  W81XWH-12-2-0012).ADNI  is  funded by  the  National  Institute  on  Aging,  the  National  Institute  of  Biomedical  Imaging  and Bioengineering, and through generous contributions from the following:AbbVie,Alzheimer’s Association;  Alzheimer’s  Drug  Discovery  Foundation;  Araclon  Biotech;  BioClinica, Inc.;Biogen;  Bristol-Myers  Squibb  Company;CereSpir,  Inc.;Eisai  Inc.;  Elan Pharmaceuticals,Inc.;  Eli  Lilly  and  Company;  EuroImmun;  F.  Hoffmann-La  Roche  Ltd  and its  affiliated company   Genentech,Inc.;   Fujirebio;   GE   Healthcare;   IXICO   Ltd.;   Janssen Alzheimer Immunotherapy  Research  &  Development,  LLC.;  Johnson  &  Johnson Pharmaceutical Research  &  Development  LLC.;Lumosity;Lundbeck;Merck  &  Co.,  Inc.;  Meso Scale Diagnostics, LLC.;NeuroRx Research; Neurotrack Technologies;Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation;  Pfizer  Inc.;  Piramal  Imaging;Servier;  Takeda Pharmaceutical  Company;  and Transition  Therapeutics.The  Canadian  Institutes  of  Health  Research  is  providing  funds  to support  ADNI  clinical  sites  in  Canada.  Private  sector  contributions  are  facilitated  by  the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health (www.fnih.org). The grantee organization is the  Northern  California  Institute  for  Research  and  Education,  and  the  study  is  coordinated by  the  Alzheimer's  Disease  Cooperative  Study  at  the  University  of  California, San  Diego.ADNI  data  are  disseminated  by  the  Laboratory  for  Neuro Imaging  at  the University  of Southern California.
